# Go API client for localizely

<h2>Getting started</h2><p>Localizely API is built on <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer\" target=\"_blank\">REST</a>. <br>You can use this API for importing & exporting your localization files in order to automate the process with `curl` scripts or external <a href=\"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration\" target=\"_blank\">CI</a> tools. <br>Response is returned in JSON form even in case of error. <br></p><p>If you Authenticate with your API token on this page by clicking \"Authorize\" button, you can make API calls directly from here with \"Try it out\", and generate such `curl` examples. </p><h2>API Authentication</h2><p>Authenticate your account by sending your API token as a request header `X-Api-Token`. <br>The token can be found under <a href=\"https://app.localizely.com/account\" target=\"_blank\">My Profile</a> page. <br>A user must have an Admin role in the project in order to access the project with his token. <br>API requests without authentication will fail.</p><p><b>Base url:</b> `https://api.localizely.com`</p>

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.2.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import localizely "github.com/localizely/localizely-client-go"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), localizely.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), localizely.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), localizely.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), localizely.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.localizely.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BranchAPIApi* | [**CreateBranch**](docs/BranchAPIApi.md#createbranch) | **Post** /v1/projects/{project_id}/branches/{branch} | Create a new branch
*DownloadAPIApi* | [**GetLocalizationFile**](docs/DownloadAPIApi.md#getlocalizationfile) | **Get** /v1/projects/{project_id}/files/download | Download translations for a language in a specified file format
*TranslationStatusAPIApi* | [**GetTranslationStatus**](docs/TranslationStatusAPIApi.md#gettranslationstatus) | **Get** /v1/projects/{project_id}/status | Get Translation Status for the project
*UploadAPIApi* | [**ImportLocalizationFile**](docs/UploadAPIApi.md#importlocalizationfile) | **Post** /v1/projects/{project_id}/files/upload | Upload translations for a language


## Documentation For Models

 - [ErrorDto](docs/ErrorDto.md)
 - [ImportFileError](docs/ImportFileError.md)
 - [InvalidImportFileErrorDto](docs/InvalidImportFileErrorDto.md)
 - [ProjectLocaleStatsDto](docs/ProjectLocaleStatsDto.md)
 - [ProjectStatusDto](docs/ProjectStatusDto.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### API auth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Api-Token
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Api-Token and passed in as the auth context for each request.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



